---
<span data-ttu-id="8c226-101">标题： 访问 （访问桌面数据库引用） TOCTitle 中的更改： Access 中的更改 <<<<<<< 标头 ms:assetid: 8dfc5fc9-a6a7-4a91-8e97-c3874e9b880f ms:mtpsurl: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/JJ618413(v=office.15) ms:contentKeyID: 49106417 ms.date: 09/18/2015年 ===说明： 访问不包含 Access 数据项目 (Adp) 的支持。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-101">title: Changes in Access (Access desktop database reference) TOCTitle: Changes in Access <<<<<<< HEAD ms:assetid: 8dfc5fc9-a6a7-4a91-8e97-c3874e9b880f ms:mtpsurl: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/JJ618413(v=office.15) ms:contentKeyID: 49106417 ms.date: 09/18/2015 ======= description: Access does not include support for Access Data Projects (ADPs).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8c226-102">Access introduces a new application type that enables you to create a web-based Access app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-102">Access introduces a new application type that enables you to create a web-based Access app.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8c226-103">ms:assetid: 8dfc5fc9-a6a7-4a91-8e97-c3874e9b880f ms:mtpsurl: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/JJ618413(v=office.15) ms:contentKeyID: 49106417 ms.date: 10/16/2018</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-103">ms:assetid: 8dfc5fc9-a6a7-4a91-8e97-c3874e9b880f ms:mtpsurl: https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/JJ618413(v=office.15) ms:contentKeyID: 49106417 ms.date: 10/16/2018</span></span>
>>>>>>> <span data-ttu-id="8c226-104">主 mtps_version: office.15.aspx</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-104">master mtps_version: v=office.15</span></span>
---

# <a name="changes-in-access"></a><span data-ttu-id="8c226-105">Changes in Access 2013</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-105">Changes in Access</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8c226-106">**适用于：** Access 2013 |Office 2013</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-106">**Applies to:** Access 2013 | Office 2013</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8c226-107"><<<<<<< 标头访问不包含 Access 数据项目 (Adp) 的支持。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-107"><<<<<<< HEAD Access does not include support for Access Data Projects (ADPs).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8c226-108">Access introduces a new application type that enables you to create a web-based Access app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-108">Access introduces a new application type that enables you to create a web-based Access app.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8c226-109">By using this application type, you can create web-based applications that use the power of SQL Server on premise or in the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-109">By using this application type, you can create web-based applications that use the power of SQL Server on premise or in the cloud.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8c226-p103">Access introduces a new application type that enables you to create a web-based Access app. By using this application type, you can create web-based applications that use the power of SQL Server on premise or in the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-p103">Access introduces a new application type that enables you to create a web-based Access app. By using this application type, you can create web-based applications that use the power of SQL Server on premise or in the cloud.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8c226-p104">In an Access app on SharePoint Server, when you create a table, a query or a data macro in the Access client in which you are creating tables, views or triggers in a SQL Server database. Using the Access client, you can open your database to other applications that connect to SQL Server. This enables you to share your data or load data from other systems into your Access app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-p104">In an Access app on SharePoint Server, when you create a table, a query or a data macro in the Access client in which you are creating tables, views or triggers in a SQL Server database. Using the Access client, you can open your database to other applications that connect to SQL Server. This enables you to share your data or load data from other systems into your Access app.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8c226-p105">With Office 365 and Access, you can build applications that reach your users without having to worry about deployment challenges, software installation issues, or operating system compatibilities. Build your app in one location and share it across the web with the power of SQL Azure and SQL Server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-p105">With Office 365 and Access, you can build applications that reach your users without having to worry about deployment challenges, software installation issues, or operating system compatibilities. Build your app in one location and share it across the web with the power of SQL Azure and SQL Server.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8c226-p106">[SQL Azure](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/ee336279.aspx), the cloud version of SQL Server, does not support features that Access Data Projects (ADPs) rely on to operate. To support ADPs on SQL Azure, Access would require significant changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-p106">[SQL Azure](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/ee336279.aspx), the cloud version of SQL Server, does not support features that Access Data Projects (ADPs) rely on to operate. To support ADPs on SQL Azure, Access would require significant changes.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8c226-p107">For these reasons, Access does not support ADPs. ADPs have been a great tool for working with SQL Server in an on-premise environment, however much has changed since ADPs were introduced in Access 2000. Users now expect their database to be available wherever they are.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-p107">For these reasons, Access does not support ADPs. ADPs have been a great tool for working with SQL Server in an on-premise environment, however much has changed since ADPs were introduced in Access 2000. Users now expect their database to be available wherever they are.</span></span>

## <a name="adp-support-and-the-future"></a><span data-ttu-id="8c226-122">ADP support and the future</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-122">ADP support and the future</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8c226-p108">ADPs continue to work in earlier versions of Access. You can continue to develop your ADP applications and we will continue to support earlier versions of Access under the standard [support lifecycle](https://support.microsoft.com/gp/lifeselect). We will not update older versions of Access to support new versions of SQL Server or SQL Azure. Therefore, you may encounter issues if you use SQL Server 2012 or later versions with your ADP. ADPs will continue to support SQL 2008 R2 and earlier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-p108">ADPs continue to work in earlier versions of Access. You can continue to develop your ADP applications and we will continue to support earlier versions of Access under the standard [support lifecycle](https://support.microsoft.com/gp/lifeselect). We will not update older versions of Access to support new versions of SQL Server or SQL Azure. Therefore, you may encounter issues if you use SQL Server 2012 or later versions with your ADP. ADPs will continue to support SQL 2008 R2 and earlier.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8c226-128">For the future, ADP developers can consider several different possibilities:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-128">For the future, ADP developers can consider several different possibilities:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="8c226-129">**将转换为 Access 应用程序**– 使用 Access，可以导入表新的 Access 应用程序和窗体应用程序会自动为您创建。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-129">**Convert to an Access app** – Using Access, you can import your tables into a new Access app and forms for your application are automatically created for you.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8c226-130">You can extend the functionality of the base forms Access creates for you and users can use your application on the web.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-130">You can extend the functionality of the base forms Access creates for you and users can use your application on the web.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8c226-131">Although some of the functionality that you use in ADPs may not be available now, expect Microsoft to continue to focus improvements in the product for this application type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-131">Although some of the functionality that you use in ADPs may not be available now, expect Microsoft to continue to focus improvements in the product for this application type.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="8c226-132">**将转换为链接的桌面数据库**– 访问继续支持.accdb 文件格式创建桌面数据库。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-132">**Convert to a linked desktop database** – Access continues to support creating desktop databases in the .accdb file format.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8c226-133">You can convert your application to the .accdb format, including all of your existing forms and reports, and leave the data in SQL Server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-133">You can convert your application to the .accdb format, including all of your existing forms and reports, and leave the data in SQL Server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8c226-134">You can link to the SQL Server database using linked tables and your application will continue to operate against the same data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-134">You can link to the SQL Server database using linked tables and your application will continue to operate against the same data.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="8c226-135">**创建一个混合应用程序**– 如果您的应用程序很大，并且您不想要在同一时间转换的全部内容，您可以导入数据的 Access 应用程序和链接到 SQL Server 数据库从.accdb。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-135">**Create a hybrid application** – If your application is large and you don’t want to convert everything at the same time, you can import your data into an Access app and link to the SQL Server database from an .accdb.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8c226-136">This allows you migrate gradually, adding forms and functionality over time to your Access app while maintaining your client application as an .accdb with linked tables to the SQL Server database behind the Access app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-136">This allows you migrate gradually, adding forms and functionality over time to your Access app while maintaining your client application as an .accdb with linked tables to the SQL Server database behind the Access app.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="8c226-137">**升级到.NET Framework** – 您的应用程序可能复杂足够的一个要考虑移动到.NET Framework 如专业开发平台。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-137">**Upgrade to the .NET Framework** – Your application may be complex enough that to consider moving to a professional development platform such as the .NET Framework.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8c226-138">SQL Server 旨在使您更轻松地使用现有数据库基础结构已创建和扩展您的应用程序的功能而无需显著重新编写代码。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-138">SQL Server is designed to make it easier for you to use your existing database infrastructure you’ve already created and extend the functionality of your application without having to significantly rewrite your code.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8c226-139">=== 访问不包含 Access 数据项目 (Adp) 的支持。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-139">======= Access does not include support for Access Data Projects (ADPs).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8c226-140">Access introduces a new application type that enables you to create a web-based Access app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-140">Access introduces a new application type that enables you to create a web-based Access app.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8c226-141">使用此应用程序类型，您可以创建基于 web 的应用程序使用的 SQL Server 本地或云中的强大功能。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-141">By using this application type, you can create web-based applications that use the power of SQL Server on-premises or in the cloud.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8c226-142">在 SharePoint 服务器上的 Access 应用程序中访问客户端在其中创建表、 视图或触发器在 SQL Server 数据库中，使用访问客户端，创建一个表、 查询或数据宏时可以打开其他应用程序数据库的连接ect 到 SQL Server。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-142">In an Access app on SharePoint Server, when you create a table, a query, or a data macro in the Access client in which you are creating tables, views, or triggers in a SQL Server database, by using the Access client, you can open your database to other applications that connect to SQL Server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8c226-143">This enables you to share your data or load data from other systems into your Access app.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-143">This enables you to share your data or load data from other systems into your Access app.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8c226-p114">With Office 365 and Access, you can build applications that reach your users without having to worry about deployment challenges, software installation issues, or operating system compatibilities. Build your app in one location and share it across the web with the power of SQL Azure and SQL Server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-p114">With Office 365 and Access, you can build applications that reach your users without having to worry about deployment challenges, software installation issues, or operating system compatibilities. Build your app in one location and share it across the web with the power of SQL Azure and SQL Server.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8c226-p115">[SQL Azure](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/sql-database/sql-database-technical-overview), the cloud version of SQL Server, does not support features that Access Data Projects (ADPs) rely on to operate. To support ADPs on SQL Azure, Access would require significant changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-p115">[SQL Azure](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/sql-database/sql-database-technical-overview), the cloud version of SQL Server, does not support features that Access Data Projects (ADPs) rely on to operate. To support ADPs on SQL Azure, Access would require significant changes.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8c226-148">For these reasons, Access does not support ADPs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-148">For these reasons, Access does not support ADPs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8c226-149">Adp 已在内部部署环境; 中使用 SQL Server 的绝佳工具但是后 Access 2000 中引入 Adp, 何已更改。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-149">ADPs have been a great tool for working with SQL Server in an on-premises environment; however, much has changed since ADPs were introduced in Access 2000.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8c226-150">Users now expect their database to be available wherever they are.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-150">Users now expect their database to be available wherever they are.</span></span>

## <a name="adp-support-and-the-future"></a><span data-ttu-id="8c226-151">ADP support and the future</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-151">ADP support and the future</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8c226-p117">ADPs continue to work in earlier versions of Access. You can continue to develop your ADP applications and we will continue to support earlier versions of Access under the standard [support lifecycle](https://support.microsoft.com/lifecycle/search). We will not update older versions of Access to support new versions of SQL Server or SQL Azure. Therefore, you may encounter issues if you use SQL Server 2012 or later versions with your ADP. ADPs will continue to support SQL 2008 R2 and earlier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-p117">ADPs continue to work in earlier versions of Access. You can continue to develop your ADP applications and we will continue to support earlier versions of Access under the standard [support lifecycle](https://support.microsoft.com/lifecycle/search). We will not update older versions of Access to support new versions of SQL Server or SQL Azure. Therefore, you may encounter issues if you use SQL Server 2012 or later versions with your ADP. ADPs will continue to support SQL 2008 R2 and earlier.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8c226-157">For the future, ADP developers can consider several different possibilities:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-157">For the future, ADP developers can consider several different possibilities:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="8c226-158">**将转换为 Access 应用程序**– 使用 Access，可以导入表的新的 Access 应用程序，并为您自动创建您的应用程序的表单。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-158">**Convert to an Access app** – Using Access, you can import your tables into a new Access app, and forms for your application are automatically created for you.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8c226-159">您可以扩展，则 Access 将创建的基准表单的功能和用户可以在 web 上使用您的应用程序。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-159">You can extend the functionality of the base forms that Access creates for you, and users can use your application on the web.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8c226-160">Although some of the functionality that you use in ADPs may not be available now, expect Microsoft to continue to focus improvements in the product for this application type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-160">Although some of the functionality that you use in ADPs may not be available now, expect Microsoft to continue to focus improvements in the product for this application type.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="8c226-161">**将转换为链接的桌面数据库**– 访问继续支持.accdb 文件格式创建桌面数据库。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-161">**Convert to a linked desktop database** – Access continues to support creating desktop databases in the .accdb file format.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8c226-162">You can convert your application to the .accdb format, including all of your existing forms and reports, and leave the data in SQL Server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-162">You can convert your application to the .accdb format, including all of your existing forms and reports, and leave the data in SQL Server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8c226-163">您可以通过使用链接的表链接到的 SQL Server 数据库和您的应用程序将继续运行针对相同的数据。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-163">You can link to the SQL Server database by using linked tables, and your application will continue to operate against the same data.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="8c226-164">**创建一个混合应用程序**– 如果您的应用程序很大，并且您不想要在同一时间转换的全部内容，您可以导入数据的 Access 应用程序和链接到 SQL Server 数据库从.accdb。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-164">**Create a hybrid application** – If your application is large and you don’t want to convert everything at the same time, you can import your data into an Access app and link to the SQL Server database from an .accdb.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8c226-165">这样，您迁移逐步，向窗体和功能随着时间的推移访问应用程序，同时维护客户端应用程序作为与链接表.accdb 到 SQL Server 数据库后面 Access 应用程序。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-165">This allows you migrate gradually, adding forms and functionality over time to your Access app, while maintaining your client application as an .accdb with linked tables to the SQL Server database behind the Access app.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="8c226-166">**升级到.NET Framework** – 您的应用程序可能足够复杂，需要考虑移动到.NET Framework 如专业开发平台。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-166">**Upgrade to the .NET Framework** – Your application may be complex enough to consider moving to a professional development platform such as the .NET Framework.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8c226-167">SQL Server 旨在使您更轻松地使用现有数据库基础结构和扩展您的应用程序的功能而无需显著重新编写代码。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-167">SQL Server is designed to make it easier for you to use your existing database infrastructure and extend the functionality of your application without having to significantly rewrite your code.</span></span>
>>>>>>> <span data-ttu-id="8c226-168">master</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-168">master</span></span>

## <a name="conclusion"></a><span data-ttu-id="8c226-169">Conclusion</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-169">Conclusion</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8c226-p122">Access is designed to connect databases with the cloud by building on SharePoint Server and SQL Server technologies and easily work with Office 365. Access is designed to help you quickly create and share data-driven business apps that help run your business.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-p122">Access is designed to connect databases with the cloud by building on SharePoint Server and SQL Server technologies and easily work with Office 365. Access is designed to help you quickly create and share data-driven business apps that help run your business.</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="8c226-172">另请参阅</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-172">See also</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="8c226-173"><<<<<<< 标头</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-173"><<<<<<< HEAD</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="8c226-174">[Access 中面向开发人员的新增功能](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/jj250134\(v=office.15\))</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-174">[New in Access for developers](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/jj250134\(v=office.15\))</span></span>
- [<span data-ttu-id="8c226-175">Microsoft Support Lifecycle</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-175">Microsoft Support Lifecycle</span></span>](https://support.microsoft.com/lifecycle/)
- <span data-ttu-id="8c226-176">[Microsoft Azure SQL 数据库](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/ee336279.aspx)
=======</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-176">[Microsoft Azure SQL Database](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/azure/ee336279.aspx)
=======</span></span>
- [<span data-ttu-id="8c226-177">面向开发人员的 Access 2013 中的新增功能</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-177">New in Access 2013 for developers</span></span>](https://docs.microsoft.com/office/vba/access/concepts/miscellaneous/new-in-access-for-developers)

>>>>>>> <span data-ttu-id="8c226-178">master</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8c226-178">master</span></span>

